You are younger than that Yueyang
That girl is so happy
This woman can hold up half the sky
Not bad for a man
Hahahaha
I'm right hey
Pretty lazy, your fiancée?
You have the style of your grandmother back then
Hahaha, your Shen family style is really open
Hey come come come try
This is the flavor of Shangjing.
Try it grandpa
He's allergic to shrimp, eat this
How did you know I'm allergic to shrimp?
Haha
Sounds like that kid has already said hello to the kitchen
It's all your favorite dishes
How do you know so much about my taste?
i
Guess
Girl, I heard you went to college abroad
Which university is it?
Oh, I'm at Niujian University.
It's just that I haven't graduated yet
Then you and Ting Lan are alumni?
Which year are you from?